well backe stadium was a setting for the
for a northern championship football
game and beautiful weather ideal
conditions and you had two teams coming
in with 10 and 1 records identical
records they were undefeated in their
last ten ballgames they hadn't met in
regular season so the big showdown was
going to be at Mackay Stadium and it
started out with the Raiders with their
offense they love to go up top they
don't throw in the endzone for Bo
tittensor who runs an out pattern and
finds himself wide open for the first
score of the ballgame on their opening
possession by the way and then tittensor
again coming out of the backfield gets
to the outside along a sideline and
nobody lays a hand on him Reed
continually throughout the day
demonstrating their superior offensive
and defensive strengths of speed a low
snap to Austin pacheco he espied tries
to get at the outside but again the
defense we talked about their lateral
speed Brock Westlake will come over and
knock the Chico out of bounds before he
can get the first down then Pacheco
normally the most consistent guy in the
north will miss on a chip shot field
goal off to the left he had nine field
goals this year the longest of 64 yards
couldn't convert that one Dillon
Sawyer's trying to get loose brought a
play I don't know if you saw it an
actual time but the ball went in and out
of Sawyer's hands off his left foot and
Stockton Spencer was there watch it once
again watch the left foot of Sawyer's
the ball comes up look at the hand a
Spencer stalked and who will grab it and
then fight for more yardage Sawyer's
prevents him from going in the end zone
but again read was in business very deep
in Carson country and it didn't take
long breast but Westlake will go over
the left side rock Westlake will go over
the left side and power his way into the
end zone and suddenly Reed was on top 21
to nothing and then David Hitler who
ended up being our player of the game
with one of his punt returns
unfortunately he runs into his own man
and fumbles the football Carson will
pounce on it and it looked like maybe
the sender's at least had some daylight
ahead
but they get a couple quick penalties
and can't do anything with a ball and
end up putting it away and then AJ Silva
the quarterback who threw five
touchdowns on this Saturday had all
kinds of time picks out a receiver it
finds them right at the goal line and
Reed will go in it will be 28 to nothing
at the intermission the catch again by
Chad gray for the touchdown Silva goes
up top once again and splitting the
defense there's gray in the endzone easy
catch easy throw six more Silva again
with that right army was 11 of 15 in the
first half comes out throwing in the
second half on the money Alex Braun gets
behind the defense his second touchdown
of the year and in making it look way
too easy Carson trying to mount some
offense they go on a desperation throw
Brock perder one on one of the defense
the little taller perder will come down
with it and momentarily Carson had some
momentum they had some offense going but
again the defense stiffened Reed gets it
back Carlos pento the third back in the
ballgame he will get the carry from 12
yards away will score the touchdown Matt
Nolan looking to throw nothing there
shows that he has some superior speed as
for the first time this afternoon he
will break down the read defense get the
big gainer for a first down again Nolan
try to spark some offense doesn't really
want to throw but does throw a
desperation it'll come up short
interception by the Raiders and that was
going to be the last chance that Carson
had all afternoon read on top they
eventually went at 49 and nothing though
go in the state championship game that
will be played at the Bonnie Ranch High
School next Saturday against the winner
from the south the reed raiders the
representative for the north and a great
representative they are for gustan
sports I'm Dan gustan with the
highlights of today's ballgame
you